Add content for Lesson6 (#23)
ReDI-School/nrw-html-and-css-2021-spring: lesson6/index.md

nav_order: 6
---

# HTML Tags 3

> This session teaches HTML Tags that go beyond the scope of our CV Project website. The exercises could still use the content of checkpoint 5 but at the end of the lesson, there should be now new content added to the CV Website. In other words, checkpoint 6 is the same as checkpoint 5.

Author: Yes, I would remove it

> If a student insists that they use a certain HTML Tag which they learnt during this lesson, then they can still add it to their personal CV website but the general content should remain the same between checkpoint 5 and checkpoint 6

## Class Agenda

1. HTML Tables
2. HTML Multimedia
3. HTML Entities

> 4. HTML Other tags

Author: ```suggestion
4. Other HTML  Tags
```

- What HTML Multimedia is?
- What are the different and most common file formats for multimedia (e.g. video and audio)
- How to create an HTML `<video>` and what are the attributes we can use there?
- How to create an HTML `<audio>` and what are the attributes we can use there?

ETA: 30min

## 3. HTML Entities

This section should explain how to add html [character entities](https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_entities.asp) and what their purpose is. In short, character entities are used to display reserved characters in HTML. These include:

- non breaking space
- less than `<`
- greater than `>`
- ampersand `&`
- single quotation mark `'`
- double quotation mark `"`
- and others such as euro, cent, pound, yen, etc.

ETA: 15mins

# 4. HTML Other Tags

This section covers various HTML tags which are less famous but good to keep in mind. These include

- `<meter>`
- `<progress>`
- `<cite>`
- `<blockquote>`
- `<bdi>` and `<bdo>`
- `<details>` with `<summary>`
- `<address>`
- `<abbr>`
- `<hgroup>`

ETA: 25min

# Exercise Description

> Exercises should be done along while explaining the tags. This lesson does not add any new content to our project because the information taught in the lecture does not strictly relate to the CV website. Therefore, after completing lesson 6 students should simply move to Checkpoint 6 without adding anything new to the content of Checkpoint 5. In other words Checkpoint 5 and 6 are the same.

Reviewer: if you agree with my other comment above, then this can be:

```suggestion
Exercises should be done along while explaining the tags. 

This lesson does not add any new content to our project because the information taught in the lecture does not strictly relate to the CV website. 

Therefore, Checkpoint 5 will be used in the beginning of lesson 7.
```

Author: I agree
